c:\users\vegeta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File Manager\File Manager\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\vegeta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File Manager\File Manager\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\vegeta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File Manager\File Manager\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\vegeta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File Manager\File Manager\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\vegeta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File Manager\File Manager\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\vegeta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File Manager\File Manager\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\vegeta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File Manager\File Manager\Bin\Debug\File Manager.dll
c:\users\vegeta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File Manager\File Manager\Bin\Debug\File Manager.pdb
c:\users\vegeta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File Manager\File Manager\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\vegeta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File Manager\File Manager\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\vegeta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File Manager\File Manager\Bin\Debug\File_Manager_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\vegeta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File Manager\File Manager\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\vegeta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File Manager\File Manager\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\vegeta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File Manager\File Manager\obj\Debug\File Manager.g.resources
c:\users\vegeta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File Manager\File Manager\obj\Debug\File_Manager.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\vegeta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File Manager\File Manager\obj\Debug\File Manager.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\vegeta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File Manager\File Manager\obj\Debug\File Manager.dll
c:\users\vegeta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File Manager\File Manager\obj\Debug\File Manager.pdb
c:\users\vegeta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File Manager\File Manager\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\vegeta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File Manager\File Manager\Bin\Debug\Files\setup.txt
C:\Users\Vegeta\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\File Manager\File Manager\obj\Debug\Page1.g.cs
